README.md, before:

# EWS Clojure API

Clojure API for easy access to Microsoft Exchange services.

## Configuration

API can read configuration (such as credentials) from environment variables. Supported configration options are

 - `EXCHANGE_USER` - username for login
 - `EXCHANGE_PASS` - password for login
 - `EXCHANGE_URL` - URL to authenticate to

## Documentation

Documentation is available under [Github](https://temify.github.io/ews-clojure-api/) pages.

## Logging in

You can connect either via provided URL or with Exchange autodiscover feature. Credentials will be read from environment
if you don't provide any parameters. See corresponding functions in `exchange.ews.authentication` namespace.

## Examples

### Impersonate user

You can impersonate user who will be used for all subsequent calls to the API with
`(exchange.ews.authentication/impersonate-user "user@domain.com")`

### Send email

`(exchange.ews.emails/send-email "to@email.com" "Subject" "Body as a string")`

### Folders

Folder manipulation

#### Get folder

Get folder by name `(exchange.ews.folders/get-folder WellKnownFolderName/Inbox)`

#### New folder

`(exchange.ews.folders/create-folder "New folder" "parent-folder-id-in-string")`

### Items

You can set item importance and add or remove categories.

`(exchange.ews.items/set-item-importance "string-id" :high)`

### Searching

There are various options for searching but most importantly you create your own collections of filters and feed them to
the API. Fields available for filtering are specified in various enums in package`microsoft.exchange.webservices.data.core.service.schema`.
Some fields will accept only enum values for filtering, such as `importance`.

```
(let [filter1 (create-search-filter :contains-substring EmailMessageSchema/From "george")
      filter2 (create-search-filter :is-greater-than ItemSchema/DateTimeSent (java.util.Date.))
      collection (create-filter-collection :or [filter1 filter2])]
  (-> (get-items-with-filter collection) ; optionally specify parent folder or limit
      (transform-search-result))) ; Transforms result from Java objects to Clojure map
```

Commit message:

Fix Exchange version in authentication

README.md, after:

# EWS Clojure API

Clojure API for easy access to Microsoft Exchange services based on on [EWS Java API](https://github.com/OfficeDev/ews-java-api).

## Configuration

API can read configuration (such as credentials) from environment variables. Supported configration options are

 - `EXCHANGE_USER` - username for login
 - `EXCHANGE_PASS` - password for login
 - `EXCHANGE_URL` - URL to authenticate to
 - `EXCHANGE_VERSION` - version of Exchange to which API is connecting. Defaults to 2010-SP2 (newest one in EWS)

## Documentation

Documentation is available under [Github](https://temify.github.io/ews-clojure-api/) pages.

## Logging in

You can connect either via provided URL or with Exchange autodiscover feature. Credentials will be read from environment
if you don't provide any parameters. See corresponding functions in `exchange.ews.authentication` namespace.

## Examples

### Impersonate user

You can impersonate user who will be used for all subsequent calls to the API with
`(exchange.ews.authentication/impersonate-user "user@domain.com")`

### Send email

`(exchange.ews.emails/send-email "to@email.com" "Subject" "Body as a string")`

### Folders

Folder manipulation

#### Get folder

Get folder by name `(exchange.ews.folders/get-folder WellKnownFolderName/Inbox)`

#### New folder

`(exchange.ews.folders/create-folder "New folder" "parent-folder-id-in-string")`

### Items

You can set item importance and add or remove categories.

`(exchange.ews.items/set-item-importance "string-id" :high)`

### Searching

There are various options for searching but most importantly you create your own collections of filters and feed them to
the API. Fields available for filtering are specified in various enums in package`microsoft.exchange.webservices.data.core.service.schema`.
Some fields will accept only enum values for filtering, such as `importance`.

```
(let [filter1 (create-search-filter :contains-substring EmailMessageSchema/From "george")
      filter2 (create-search-filter :is-greater-than ItemSchema/DateTimeSent (java.util.Date.))
      collection (create-filter-collection :or [filter1 filter2])]
  (-> (get-items-with-filter collection) ; optionally specify parent folder or limit
      (transform-search-result))) ; Transforms result from Java objects to Clojure map
```
